Update Use Cases in Developer Guide for List (#324)
AY2425S1-CS2103T-T14-4/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

(For all use cases below, the **System** is the `AgentAssist` and the **Actor** is the `user`, unless specified otherwise)

**Use case: U1 - List all clients**

**MSS**

1. User requests to see the entire list of clients.

> 2. AgentAssist shows a list of clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. AgentAssist shows a list of all clients.
```

    Use case resumes at step 3.

**Use case: U6 - View a client**

**MSS**

1.  User performs <u>Filter for a client (U4)</u> or requests to <u>List all clients (U1)</u>.

> 2.  AgentAssist returns a list of people, with the client in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  AgentAssist returns a list of clients, with the client of interest in it.
```
